[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello. Hello.

[Customer 00:04]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Yes. Am I having a word with Kanika?

[Customer 00:08]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yes. Hi, Kanika. Good evening.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
Yeah. Actually Kanika, I called you regarding like I believe that you
were exploring the upgraded platform and you were looking on the
certain HR certification, I guess, right?

[Customer 00:24]
Yes, I was.

[Sales Agent 00:25]
Okay, so like are you still interested, still looking for doing HR
certification?

[Customer 00:32]
Yes, yes. Where are you calling from exactly?

[Sales Agent 00:34]
Actually I am giving you call from the basically from upgrad Education
upgrad. Yeah. And like right now, I am giving you a call from the
Gurgaon head.

[Customer 00:44]
Office okay.

[Sales Agent 00:47]
Alright

[Sales Agent 00:48]
Kalika, like I am like one of the admission manager over here at
Upgrad and like I handle basically the profiles, okay related to the
airlines certification offered by the TO one institute.

[Sales Agent 01:00]
So like that is the reason I just got your profile. I&I wanted to
connect with you and have a discussion regarding the course and the
fee structure and everything. So like first of all, I would just like
to understand about your profile, Kanaka. Like what is your high
secondary qualification actually?

[Customer 01:20]
I have done commerce and then B com pass and then MBA&PU diploma in
advertising, NPR.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
So this NBA was into

[Sales Agent 01:36]
okay and how many years of experience you are having

[Sales Agent 01:41]
12 years of exceeding okay fine. So all these 12 years were into HR
industry only.

[Sales Agent 01:49]
Okay, so right now at which designation you are working

[Sales Agent 01:55]
manager? Okay, fine, great. So can you understand that what is
basically the your motto right now? Why exactly you are looking for
the certification?

[Customer 02:06]
Because I want to upskill myself.

[Sales Agent 02:09]
Okay, fine. Right. So you are like you are willing to upskill in the
HR industry only or you want to

[Sales Agent 02:17]
HRO okay, okay, fine, fine. So the reason key why I was asking all
these questions is that and upgraded basically we have more than 500
certifications, OK courses which are issued by the top tier one is
queues of India OK. Now every like certification has certain
eligibility criteria, right? So only when your profile will match to
that suitable course, suitable curriculum we can suggest you any such
courses, right?

[Sales Agent 02:45]
Because at the end you have lot of courses and you will end up mixing
in all the courses, right. So now first thing like one more thing I
wanted to understand from your end is that like what aspiration you
are holding right now because you already worked for 12 years right?
As now you are working as a manager. So what exactly you are looking
right now in your career like coming down the line if you are doing
right now and up to me, when are you expecting from that in return?

[Sales Agent 03:13]
You are just looking for the upscaling card or you are looking for top
designation? What package? Anything you would like would have got
right you.

[Customer 03:22]
See the first thing is that the money offered here is very very best
in comparison to my experience. So thats one thing I am looking out.
Second is while I am looking out, I want to then spend my time

[Customer 03:36]
in a good way.

[Customer 03:38]
So as I thought that that is not looking into my mind. Alright, let me
do some something for my husband because if I ask them I will
definitely get

[Customer 03:47]
some extra Ross, right?

[Sales Agent 03:52]
So.

[Customer 03:53]
Then my own person goes, I have been like not getting any other person
over there.

[Sales Agent 04:00]
So right now what compensation they are offering you? What salary
package

[Sales Agent 04:10]
65,000 per?

[Customer 04:13]
Month.

[Sales Agent 04:14]
So I okay fine.

[Sales Agent 04:16]
So after having jewelry years of experience Fiftyfive 1000.

[Sales Agent 04:21]
So I guess like according to me according to the market status like
this is quite little bit underpaid, right? Because the reason you are
having 12 years of huge experience, right? And that is tell me.

[Customer 04:36]
I mean, whatever I would have been doing or I will do.

[Sales Agent 04:40]
But at.

[Customer 04:40]
Least 10,00,000 or something which is really really.

[Sales Agent 04:44]
Look forward to.

[Customer 04:47]
I can be in 6,00,000 or something.

[Sales Agent 04:49]
So that.

[Customer 04:50]
Something so we dont so.

[Sales Agent 04:53]
You are right now looking for like top designations in HR industry or
you are looking for certain leadership like designation? What? No. I
am asking you, are you looking for like designations like HR, business
part time journalist and director level profile or you are looking for
certain leadership position

[Sales Agent 05:17]
like because we also have leadership programs as well. So are you
planning for any leadership?

[Sales Agent 05:27]
See first of all related to HR industries, you ask me, We have like
basically the one professional certificate program in HR management
and HR analysis offered by Indian Institute of Management, IIM
Kozhikode. This is the proper regular certification which you are
going to do from here.

[Customer 05:45]
How much is it for?

[Sales Agent 05:47]
For the entire fees of the course, including the 18% GST will
somewhere cost you ₹1,49,860. Okay now since you have 12 years of
experience, you have like you are eligible for scholarship. OK, so the
scholarship you can get around somewhere nearby to 20 to ₹22,000 of
scholarship. So because you have to allow some experience, right? And
you have done your MBA and all. So we the college is always the
basically the management gives scholarship to people who have 4 years
of experience and a good profile.

[Sales Agent 06:22]
So what happens is that like when we offer you scholarship, your fees
will now come down to 1,00,000 twentyseven ₹1000 only, okay, one

[Sales Agent 06:31]
is this 1,27,015, 1000 will be your initial investment which you need
to make, okay. Because obviously we understand for every learner it is
not possible exactly to pay 1,00,000 at 1:00 shot, right? That is the
reason we are like basically they have the fee has been broken down
into installment

[Sales Agent 06:50]
so that you can play it very flexibly. Now 15 K you are paying and you
are blocking your seat right with the IN code request. Now you will
receive an offer letter from the admission department that your
admission has been confirmed at every detail you will be getting okay,
the fee structured EMI structure everything. Now the remaining
balance. Okay, whatever balance from this 1,00,000 twentyseven you
paid 15 K right block your seat. Now you are next whatever balance you
are getting 1,12,000 whatever balance is there. Now this 1,12,000, you
have 2 options you have you will be having 7 days of time.

[Sales Agent 07:26]
You can go for 2 modes. One is you can pay the entire 1,00,012 12,000
at 1:00 shot. But if you are preferring to take EMI installment, you
can book for EMI installment as well. Okay. We basically have 2 modes
of EMI. One is no cost EMI, another one is standard EMI. No cost EMI
is available for 369 months and standard EMI option is available for
122436 months. Okay,

[Sales Agent 07:52]
So majority of our learners go for the 24 or 36 months plan where
including interest and everything, your monthly EMI installment will
be ₹3000, okay? Okay. And your first EMI installment will start in the
month of February. Okay, Your bat is starting in the month, basically
starting on 31st December. This year 31st December, the match is
starting. Okay,

[Sales Agent 08:16]
so you can see this particular program is a regular qualification
which you are going to take from I am Kozhikode. Okay, so do you
understand about regular qualification?

[Sales Agent 08:29]
Hello. Hello. Yeah, I am asking.

[Sales Agent 08:33]
I am asking you, do you have a knowledge related to the difference
between an online certificate and the regular certificate?

[Customer 08:40]
Not really, online is online and regular is that you have to go on the
10th.

[Sales Agent 08:46]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 08:46]
So if you see there are basically 2 types of certificates. Do you have
you heard about platforms like Udemy, Corcera, Intershala, Baiju,
Anacadium, you hear these type of platforms but these are also ethic
platform here. What happened the T shirts or the faculty of these
exact black policies listed in front of the camera, they will record
the video. Now you will watch that video and at last and or an online
certificate will be generated from the platform that you have. Clearly
your certificate,

[Sales Agent 09:19]
the symbol, the

[Sales Agent 09:20]
logo, everything of Udemy or whatever it will be returned word like
online distance correspondence, everything will be given over there,
right? But now

[Sales Agent 09:30]
regular certificate means like how you would have done your B COM, you
would have done your MBA, this PGPX program, all this FCPGDM issued
after you would have went to the college, attended the classes, gave
exam and then you would have 5 class. You would have got the finest
certificate

[Sales Agent 09:46]
right after

[Sales Agent 09:49]
that basically we have a unique cloud campus technology through which
these colleges deliver, okay. Now through this whenever you are taking
classes through the cloud campus technology, okay, which is the cloud
campus platform, OK, Through this even though you can, you are doing
in an online mode but still you are getting a regular qualification in
your hand. Because right now in India to pursue a regular
qualification from colleges like IIMIIIT which are the top business
management schools in India right now, colleges bigger than these,
right? So you are

[Sales Agent 10:22]
when you are pursuing qualification from these colleges,

[Sales Agent 10:25]
first thing what you need to do is that you need to give cat cat exam
right? You need to take at least ninetyseven ninetyeight percent as
you enter into IM right. Second thing you need to invest somewhere
around 10 to 15,00,000 of fees right to go for the program. But here
if you compare this same course, you are taking within a lakh of
rupees

[Sales Agent 10:46]
right

[Sales Agent 10:48]
now. If you speak. Hello. Am I audible to you?

[Sales Agent 10:53]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 10:57]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 11:01]
Hello.
