[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello, Hi, is this Roshni I am speaking to?

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Hi Roshni Hrithik right from the admission team of upgraded. How are
you doing I?

[Customer 00:12]
Am doing alright, thank you.

[Sales Agent 00:15]
Yes, yes, Roshni, I believe you are looking for the Supply Chain
Management course from Michigan State University.

[Customer 00:23]
Right,

[Customer 00:23]
not supply chain management. I am sorry is that what I was? No, I mean
I am looking for HR related certification.

[Sales Agent 00:31]
Achchha great.

[Sales Agent 00:33]
So you are looking for this HR related program, Okay. So Rajni if you
please help me to understand your profile little bit that how how many
of experience you are having what you are doing currently so that I
can help you that how this process that we are having healthy
beneficial for you.

[Customer 00:50]
So I may have almost 2 years experience like 1.3 years and person
currently I am working with children bank limited. So Madam,

[Customer 01:02]
so I currently designated as well as the status HR&I am predominantly
I take care of transaction on boarding

[Customer 01:13]
yeah just I also help for the grace and another process. So its more
of a general store but to me.

[Sales Agent 01:22]
Yeah. So you are having how many of experience or total?

[Customer 01:25]
One point.

[Sales Agent 01:27]
59

[Sales Agent 01:27]
1.91 okay so

[Sales Agent 01:31]
almost like one year 9 month of experience you are having with you and
you have done MBA masters you have completed

[Sales Agent 01:40]
Hello

[Sales Agent 01:46]
thik hai roshni am I audible to you

[Sales Agent 01:50]
hello.

[Customer 01:51]
Yes, you are. Am I? Am I?

[Sales Agent 01:54]
Your voice is breaking in between. So I am just

[Sales Agent 01:57]
I am just asking you that are you using any Bluetooth speaker or
anything like that? No.

[Customer 02:04]
I think the network is weak over here. Yeah. So I like I said, I
conceded MDA in HR&I, there is some difference education.

[Sales Agent 02:13]
Okay, so you have completed MBA from which college you have completed
MBA?

[Customer 02:17]
From Anomalay University, its in Chennai.

[Sales Agent 02:21]
And okay, okay, great. Yeah. And Sir, distance only you have done.

[Customer 02:26]
Right, okay.

[Sales Agent 02:28]
And currently for this last 1.9 years you have started your work with
generalist role only or you started with specialist role?

[Customer 02:36]
I started out as a management.

[Sales Agent 02:39]
Trainee.

[Customer 02:40]
And after one year after my provision date I got read it, I got
promoted to executive line

[Customer 02:46]
as a generalist.

[Sales Agent 02:48]
Role only generalist role only Okay Sir, free loan okay, all this I.

[Customer 02:54]
Mean,

[Customer 02:55]
yeah, so like I said, it's supposed to be a renewal role. I do assist
in admin related activity, appraisal, guaranteed decision, filing of
EPS and everything. Payroll I haven't laid my hands on yet, but the
rest I have assisted at least. But I handle talent acquisition solely
for the company.

[Sales Agent 03:17]
Okay, okay, yeah, okay, okay, great. So now what exactly you are
looking for? What are the skills that you are targeting for yourself?

[Customer 03:27]
I am looking for more like an analytical role in Sr so those are the
kind of courses I was looking forward.

[Sales Agent 03:38]
To play,

[Sales Agent 03:38]
Okay, so you are targeting for analytical rules for yourself,

[Sales Agent 03:42]
right? Okay. Now let me just give you a brief about analytics, okay?
And and analytics, how analytical roles works in HR, okay?

[Customer 03:52]
First.

[Sales Agent 03:52]
Of all what is analytics? Analytics is all about data. How? How you
can come up with a solution with the help of data. So modern problems
make modern solutions. So lets say as you are in creature okay in this
last 2 years okay you have handled lot of problems okay

[Sales Agent 04:10]
now that time if you know how the data is speaking okay so you can
take a better solution.

[Customer 04:18]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:18]
So that is why in 2024 it's mandatory. It's not an option to learn
analytics. It's mandatory for the roles, for the management roles,
okay, as like you are into HR, say people lose into marketing or into
business, who is handling the business side basically? And HR is
basically employee driven, employee oriented zone. Okay, how you can
pay

[Sales Agent 04:42]
a better motivate the employees, OK, how they are working, how to come
up with the solution of their problem.

[Sales Agent 04:48]
You need to analyse the data. So how can you analyse the data? So
there are certain rules. So do you know which tools you should use for
the analysis?

[Customer 04:59]
HRI.

[Sales Agent 05:01]
Yes.

[Customer 05:02]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 05:03]
So I believe we are using Excel, right?

[Customer 05:06]
Yeah, at the moment you are using Excel.

[Sales Agent 05:08]
Excel Basic Excel you are using or Advanced Excel you are using

[Sales Agent 05:13]
Advance Excel. Okay, now.

[Customer 05:15]
My.

[Sales Agent 05:16]
Name is

[Sales Agent 05:16]
my name is Hrithik.

[Customer 05:17]
Yeah, Hrithik, could you just give me 5 minutes? I am outside at the
shop. I will just call you back and fine.

[Sales Agent 05:24]
So in this number you cannot call me back. It is almost like 11
tomorrow

[Sales Agent 05:29]
put around 12, is that okay?

[Customer 05:32]
113090 YA 12 was.

[Sales Agent 05:34]
12 working okay, I will be calling you at 12:00. Okay, Sir. Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,

[Sales Agent 05:42]
okay.
