[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hi, you are speaking to Anurag.

[Sales Agent 00:07]
Hi, good morning. Anurag Sanket this side I am calling you from OP
General, Global University and Apradh.

[Customer 00:12]
Yeah. Good morning.

[Sales Agent 00:13]
Yeah, hi. You know you enquired from one of our MBA program with OP
Civil.

[Customer 00:18]
Global University, right, Right. Correct.

[Sales Agent 00:21]
You are planning for for the same.

[Customer 00:23]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:25]
Okay, great Anurag good time to connect so that I can understand your
profile and give you the details.

[Customer 00:30]
Like more.

[Sales Agent 00:32]
Could you help me with your education, background and working
experience please?

[Customer 00:36]
Yeah, actually I am graduate and I am still working in Karju, India.
Sorry. Right now I am in Kargil Business, India Drive Limited and now
my total experience is 11 years.

[Sales Agent 00:49]
And.

[Customer 00:50]
In the process of R to R this is in accounting.

[Sales Agent 00:57]
Accounting right.

[Sales Agent 00:58]
And you have done B com. Yeah, I am.

[Customer 01:01]
Ready to B Com.

[Sales Agent 01:02]
Okay okay, can you please help me with your parcel percentage.

[Customer 01:05]
If you remember, yeah, it's around.

[Sales Agent 01:08]
57%, I think 57, yes, Alright, great, wonderful. And in this 11 years
of working years only accounting or is there anything you have?

[Customer 01:19]
Done apart.

[Sales Agent 01:21]
From okay accounting as an accession specific or auditing or some some
specifically something

[Sales Agent 01:28]
I I am.

[Customer 01:28]
In artwork domain will you be record to report. Here we are doing
monthly placing, quarterly closing balance it penalty you and they are
not mentioned. Great.

[Sales Agent 01:40]
Great. And apart from B com anything else, you pursued certification
behaviour?

[Customer 01:44]
Yeah, actually and C intermediate.

[Sales Agent 01:47]
CA intermediate Okay correctly. Still still planning to pursue ahead
or you drop the idea?

[Customer 01:55]
After.

[Sales Agent 01:56]
For CA final, actually.

[Customer 01:57]
I just dropped the idea now because okay, we provide a lot of time for
studying.

[Sales Agent 02:04]
Wonderful. So Madam, why? Why do you think you know MDM have after 11
years?

[Customer 02:12]
Actually I can

[Customer 02:15]
experience of 11 years right And now I got promotion also but.

[Sales Agent 02:21]
Going.

[Customer 02:21]
To senior level I have to I should have one management degree.

[Sales Agent 02:27]
As a promoted urgent you are you are handling a team. How this?

[Customer 02:34]
No, I am. I am another team manager, yeah

[Customer 02:37]
I am now now a patient is senior associate so that's why I am planning
to do MBA so that my next level is meal team manager so that.

[Sales Agent 02:48]
So you are not currently handling any team, you just promoted to
senior Associate Okay, great, wonderful. So any specific requirement
you have regarding an MBA like lot of people plan for a particular
specialization. So you are going for finance, right

[Sales Agent 03:03]
Sir,

[Sales Agent 03:06]
actually.

[Customer 03:07]
Right now most of the institute or university was providing 2
specialist right The I want to like in finance.

[Sales Agent 03:19]
And side by side I.

[Customer 03:21]
Also want to do this

[Customer 03:24]
administration.

[Sales Agent 03:26]
Part also admin Okay. So let me let me give you an understanding. Okay
if you do 2 Dual specialization in MBA specificity in Iraq? Okay.

[Sales Agent 03:36]
The first thing you need to understand is again all the things you
will learn in MBA is going to be a segment wise why we choose
specialization? To showcase to our employer that I have done something
and specialize in that domain. OK dual specialization for those people
who thats why I ask you question while you are introducing me. So have
you done anything apart from this? So you have done till till now you
have done only accounting right?

[Sales Agent 04:03]
So administration you will be any which ways learning in MBA that is a
part of your syllabus. If you take a specialization separately, the
only thing you have to do is learning more advanced material Adami and
going to be a degree value is reduces with the dual specialization.

[Customer 04:22]
Okay Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:25]
So if you planning for a finance, any issues you have already loaning
admin in that particular syllabus? Is it that a finance is a
specialization where you will be learning more about how the things
work further ahead. So after 5 years, 60 or 7 years if you you know
began

[Sales Agent 04:43]
leader right you are handling multi diversity so how the finance will
help you. So thats how MBA works and thats how MBA function.

[Customer 04:51]
Basically.

[Sales Agent 04:53]
OK. So how soon you are planning to start? So you just thought about
it, How is how is it?

[Sales Agent 04:58]
No, no actually yeah. So when the admission will be start,

[Sales Agent 05:04]
so actually admission we are currently taking for January impact which
is going to start on 31st of December Okay and unfortunately admission
was started in somewhere September. So it is it has been some 34
months. We are actually doing admissions and it's about to close the
January intact. So Sir planning now I can assist you with the this
upcoming batches because after that the batch will may be started
somewhere either June, July or September.

[Customer 05:34]
Okay. So if I enrolled now so my classes will be start in gym.

[Sales Agent 05:39]
January, yes.

[Customer 05:41]
Okay and the examination will be happen in December, its one year
program or 2 year program.

[Sales Agent 05:46]
It's a one year MBA program. Examination happens every 3 months. So
Sir Prime is your.

[Customer 05:51]
System Okay okay.

[Sales Agent 05:53]
Yeah. So every 3 months you will be having end term examination. So in
which ways this is going to be completely online? Anurag? I will. I
will give you the understanding. So because

[Sales Agent 06:04]
have you heard about Upgrad before Anyone suggested you? Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 06:08]
I heard about.

[Sales Agent 06:10]
Okay, Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:12]
Let let me introduce you to Upgrad a little bit so that you will
understand. So Upgrad is my educational platform. Hang up Okay for a
working professional and any degree you take or any university you
plan to actually pursue. OK. These universities are we actually tied

[Sales Agent 06:29]
university. So what we do if you go directly to the university and
take admission, right. Usually what university do is they basically
review the admission in one of the particular batches. You have to
struggle with the support, you have to struggle with the detailing,
you have to struggle with a lot of other things. And as well the
degree which you will get is either online or the distance, right. But
when upgraded do this kind of tie up and you know, connect with these
universities, you will get a degree like a campus. So

[Sales Agent 06:59]
what I mean by that is basically

[Sales Agent 07:02]
you will be your owner who actually participated in all the segments.
Like if you talk about this one year MBA program, you can be a part of
OT Jindals alumni team. You will be a part of all the necessary things
happen in the campus. You can go and visit the campus, you have proper
conviction happen physically, all the things like a campus, it does
that you are attending the classes online, Rajdi USB of Upgrad. So it
is same like a campus, it just that you are attending through online,

[Sales Agent 07:33]
its a virtual program

[Sales Agent 07:35]
but the degree also does not mention anything like online or offline
or something like that. I will give you advantage because if you talk
about regular MBA in the promotions company do consider either a
distance or either online or either a regular program. That is a very
important choice for the higher authorities to trust on you because
the module changes. If you learn online the modules are different. If
you go for campus like your program you will have a different module
more advance module

[Sales Agent 08:05]
so thats the USB. So this particular program going to start on 31st of
December okay will you tell me some brief feature about it. In the
finance we have 2 Specialization, Digital Finance and Normal Core
Finance Kannura.

[Customer 08:19]
OK.

[Sales Agent 08:20]
And other 2 specialization you can aim for is leadership and strategy,
because right now you are aiming for going in the position of managing
your team, handling decisions and all. So you can actually also look
for this session,

[Sales Agent 08:34]
travel lead shipment, Sharirik AUR marketing. So this is out of your
league. So that does not make any sense. So these are all 4 special
additions. You don't have to select special addition right now Anurag.
OK, the selection happens after 2 months once your program starts
somewhere in February, March,

[Sales Agent 08:53]
okay. So this is a one year program. So OP General Global University
ranks QS number one university in the world. Its top 50 young
universities among the you know around the world.

[Sales Agent 09:07]
Also it has a a CSB membership thats why we call it OP General Global
University. Your degree will be global and in India only 11
universities approximately. Who has this certification called A A CMP
which is upgradation usually does not have in lot of universities,
some of the IIMS and only few universities.

[Sales Agent 09:29]
So how come one year? So basically Anurag you need to understand only
20 universities are allowed to have a one year MBA degree, 16 IIT&IAS
and 4 private university. So

[Sales Agent 09:43]
OP General is one of them. The reason being 90% teachers are from IIM
is in IIT and 10% are from global universities like you know
Pennsylvania State University, Harvard University and all. So they
having top notch facilities

[Sales Agent 09:58]
as well as infrastructure and

[Sales Agent 10:02]
only university currently which can give you one year MBA degree that
to be the regular status.

[Customer 10:08]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:09]
Fine, so so this particular university also gives you a flexibility.
The reason being there is no attendance criteria, all the sessions are
completely recorded. You can watch the recordings whenever you want
and complete the sessions. So there is no particular time limit to
dedicate for this kind of MBA.

[Customer 10:27]
Okay. So then how the projects can?

[Sales Agent 10:30]
Examine them.

[Customer 10:31]
Are you sending you know?

[Sales Agent 10:32]
Yeah, so completely online. So what we do once you complete the module
we have a portal

[Sales Agent 10:38]
where you can come and actually what the recordings as well where you
can actually have animated with yours case study project or be already
lined up. I am completely online so its its like a learning from you
know animated formats. Okay once you complete that there are some
graded quizzes. There are some non graded quizzes will be great as
upon upon that Okay and test happens from every 3 months because of
our Prime Minister system and its specialization is

[Sales Agent 11:09]
last term. So first term is business understanding Pandrah

[Sales Agent 11:13]
okay. Second term is processes where you will learn operation, sales,
marketing, accounting. And 3rd term is all about understanding
leadership and understanding the decision making science. Here you
learn matrix, you learn how to make a proper calculated decisions. And
the 4th term is whatever specialization you choose, so that is
specialization.

[Customer 11:38]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:39]
Alright so these these are 4 stumps every 3 months will be having term
and examination completely online and they take some time will be you
know given to you over the mail. Sir we are dedicated team from upgrad
to support you. So to give you the understanding about when to start,
how to start where if you are stuck you can actually connect with our
one of the you know student buddy will help you. Thats how it
differentiates from directly through the university or through Apradh
because we have dedicated team for the same

[Sales Agent 12:11]
okay, even your okay I am.

[Customer 12:14]
Actually I have one question but.

[Sales Agent 12:18]
If.

[Customer 12:18]
I missed any exam because you know I am I am in corporate so sometime
may be I have some project here I have to focus more and I was not
able to get exam or I am not prepared.

[Sales Agent 12:32]
So if you miss out on any exam there will be a Gio lead improvement
opportunity. So this grade improvement opportunity will be given to
you or else if you lets take an example you cordless mask

[Sales Agent 12:45]
which is considerable so that you will be having like reexamination
post your year so you complete entire year and then you can complete
the remaining examination and give your degree done.

[Customer 12:58]
Okay okay. So my registration will be valid for how much years?

[Sales Agent 13:02]
3 years.

[Customer 13:03]
3 years Okay okay so.

[Sales Agent 13:04]
In 3 years again okay you can come, come, we can take a term break as
well. So this term break is basically lets take an example, you have
March season or more. Lot of accounting people ask me how about March
ending. So you can take a term break after March or

[Sales Agent 13:19]
before the March will, but this summer valid for 3 years.

[Sales Agent 13:23]
You can take some break. You can rescart the course anytime you want
in the 3 years, but you have to complete the degree in 3 years.

[Customer 13:30]
Okay okay okay got it.

[Sales Agent 13:33]
Yeah, in doubts, no.

[Customer 13:35]
No, nothing. So how? What is the fee for?

[Sales Agent 13:39]
This course, sure. So total fees for this particular program is
1,00,050 in total. It's a complete package of taxes, everything
included. There is nothing you have to spend after this. Initially you
have to begin the program with ₹15,000 and remaining amount is
converted into EMI to monthly payment.

[Sales Agent 14:00]
So if you have a credit card you can go for a no cost EMI. If you
don't have a credit card, you can go for a CIBIL base, no cost EMI.

[Customer 14:08]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:09]
And there are standard EMI process as this. If you are not comfortable
with the EMI amount of no cost is going to be little bit higher. You
can plan for it and the EMI as well with a 9% interest rate.

[Customer 14:20]
Okay, firstly

[Customer 14:22]
I was searching some more more program on the upgrade like from ISB
from MIT. SO

[Customer 14:31]
these program are, I think cheaper than this

[Customer 14:36]
global.

[Sales Agent 14:36]
OP General No.

[Sales Agent 14:39]
OP General is one of the budget program we currently have. If you plan
for IIM Okay, the first IM don't give you MBA degree directly online.
ISBIMCG Ghati.

[Customer 14:51]
IMD Ghaziabad, right.

[Sales Agent 14:52]
It is a certification actually, Anurag.

[Customer 14:55]
Okay it is.

[Sales Agent 14:55]
Not a MBA degree, it is costing you 1,00,050 but it is a
certification. It is called Advanced General Management Program, a
GMP.

[Customer 15:03]
Okay and from ISB.

[Sales Agent 15:05]
We dont have a ISB program, but if you plan for ISB somewhere, budget
should be 24,

[Sales Agent 15:11]
15.

[Customer 15:12]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 15:15]
For online I am talking about physical age goes to 3035. The reason
being you know people usually you know fall for this trap. First we
are in if you are a working professional, right? I have suggested a
program then you will understand. First thing is you know a
flexibility Anurag okay. Yes we have a dream to get a degree from one
of the best universities which is well known but there is always a
thing that you need to have a time for it. The reason being I am the
ISB is another other big

[Sales Agent 15:50]
big universities classes are compulsory.

[Sales Agent 15:52]
You have to attend that classes. You have to get passed in that
particular test always. There is no greater improvement opportunity
and a lot of people get only you know participation certificate if
they did not pass that particular program or an MBA.

[Sales Agent 16:11]
We have a cases ₹15,00,000 of fees for IIM Jammu. You do this program
lot of even I am working professional so I know

[Sales Agent 16:19]
the pain that I don't have enough time to work on Sunday. That is my
off day and on that day I have to study at least 6 hours

[Sales Agent 16:29]
minimum. So I

[Sales Agent 16:31]
have this example that people get only participation certificate from
IOL not a degree because you have not completed this criteria. So
thats how these kind of programs. That is why I have suggested you
this because if you are on leadership position where your workload is
kind of left and you can give the little bit time. So

[Sales Agent 16:51]
after 6 years, 7 years you can get this degree as well or a
certification as well as a IIM Tiger IFD type that can be possible
once your workload is less. Thats why I ask you everything about your
profile and then I suggest to you this program even you can go for a
global MBA degree as well. The budgets, if you ask me, goes to
4,00,050 to ₹8,00,000.

[Customer 17:15]
Somewhere between.

[Sales Agent 17:15]
That from the.

[Customer 17:17]
So just send me this whatever you said. All the details on my WhatsApp
number On my WhatsApp number actually I have

[Customer 17:25]
called

[Customer 17:26]
just in one minute. So I will be free after 30 minutes. I will check
and confirm you.

[Sales Agent 17:31]
Done, done. And there is a admission process which will be already
returned on the brochure. So you can check that out. There is a small

[Sales Agent 17:38]
there is a small examination eligibility test as well. So once you
are, you know, comfortable with that program, you can go ahead and
check out that and give you the you know detail how to.

[Customer 17:48]
Take your insurance, Sir. Sir, I will confirm you on WhatsApp.

[Sales Agent 17:51]
Thank you, Okay.

[Customer 17:52]
Thank you.
