[Sales Agent 00:04]
Hello. Hi. Hello,

[Sales Agent 00:06]
very good morning.

[Customer 00:07]
Yeah. Good morning.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Alok, you said yes Sir, you are calling from Applied Feedback Team 4.

[Customer 00:12]
Years. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Tell me.

[Sales Agent 00:15]
Yeah, actually yesterday I connect you told me just call me tomorrow
morning. Actually the reason to call you is just for the feedback
purpose.

[Sales Agent 00:24]
Earlier you have a discussion for regarding some courses with our
program manager. So I just want to know like is your doubt and query
would be resolved or like what exactly you are looking for that
particular.

[Customer 00:34]
When

[Customer 00:35]
was this advisory? I am not able to recover its.

[Sales Agent 00:39]
Human banks.

[Customer 00:42]
Yes, few minutes. I do not recall now in the same.

[Sales Agent 00:46]
First of all the feedback no no no I I totally agree totally. Actually
it is a few months back and The thing is that at the time you are
browsing some data, sign the data and it expose like something
browsing for related to that thing.

[Customer 01:00]
Program so I will.

[Sales Agent 01:03]
Yeah so I just want to know like like still you are looking for that
what exactly the status if your query would be resolved what you want
to see?

[Customer 01:14]
In fact, actually I was looking. In fact, I have already picked up
something on

[Customer 01:20]
on Neture, right. So having said that, I am still looking out maybe
some little more deeper right now. So,

[Customer 01:29]
so that's what you say. So I have gone.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
Through some syllabus of.

[Customer 01:33]
Scalar.

[Sales Agent 01:35]
Okay got it ready.

[Customer 01:37]
So I am also maybe because my current course will get over by first
week of April then only I will be looking out.

[Sales Agent 01:45]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 01:48]
So actually, if you don't mind, Mr Alok, may I know what exactly you
are looking for that and which speed or which domain you are looking
currently

[Sales Agent 01:54]
like into that sector?

[Customer 01:56]
So Data Science only, Data Science, Data Science only. Okay Okay
thats.

[Sales Agent 02:00]
Cool, thats cool.

[Customer 02:01]
So.

[Sales Agent 02:02]
Will you please tell me about everyone's light up your Courier roadmap
so I just able to get the things what exactly you are you want to in
particular things like what is your role since it was?

[Customer 02:13]
Built maybe, if I know that your data science course is, which is
maybe.

[Sales Agent 02:21]
In your.

[Customer 02:21]
Basket. The most popular is your tie up with a.

[Sales Agent 02:24]
Triple IT.

[Customer 02:25]
Bangalore right? Thats what, yeah.

[Sales Agent 02:28]
Yeah.

[Customer 02:29]
Correct. That is what you are having the highest level send correctly.
Is there anything else also?

[Sales Agent 02:35]
You are having.

[Customer 02:36]
It in that one or any?

[Sales Agent 02:37]
Or you are having. So first of all if I am saying that suppose that if
I am saying as a experienced person, right. Suppose if a person is in
doing already data analytics, yeah in that particular field like I
want to be deeper in the sense. So there is a Ms program, right?
Triple IDV something is a diploma certification program.

[Sales Agent 02:56]
Its only for them to giving the like knowledge and like. Suppose that
there is a specialization will be there because as you know that data
science is not a particular domain aspect.

[Customer 03:06]
If I am sorry.

[Sales Agent 03:07]
So that is the domain critical domain like data engineer, the data
engineer and actual language process, business analyst, data
analytics, these kind of field particularly and according to your
preference also market preference also like this Fintech finance,

[Sales Agent 03:22]
your pharmaceutical, healthcare, automobile and ecommerce these kind
of things. After that if you want to deep dive into that because you
have to recess matterology or depletion where you can do in some
masters. So it will be there after that only. So that is why I was
just want to know like what exactly you are looking for that in which
sector also and what is the CRA to that. I just relate to it. If it is
suitable for you, definitely I will love to suggest you the thing.

[Customer 03:51]
Okay. So I think then you have not gone through the past interaction,
you may be just.

[Sales Agent 03:57]
Actually it is not mentioned over here. So that is the reason and I am
I am basically from the.

[Customer 04:03]
Feedback team.

[Sales Agent 04:04]
And I am the like, I just get the feedback like what exactly the
decision it is relevant.

[Customer 04:10]
To the only related to the feedback here, look after or you may be.

[Sales Agent 04:15]
Both, both things. Actually. I am here the person who was taking care
of the thing all the things.

[Sales Agent 04:21]
So I just get because sometimes the program engineer will guide you
but sometimes it is happen he will not find a very good match relevant
to your profile or something is missing from them themselves. So that
is why I just connect to the person to understand the basic need and
the basic requirement and the feedback. Also where you are struck and
what kind of queries not be resolved so that I can be able to resolve
these kind of things.

[Customer 04:47]
Yes, actually my past interaction with the upgrade is that the moment
you tell any detail they will match everything with that one

[Customer 04:55]
in the sense that there is a see every courses is having the some
standard format right and specific purpose behind that one and that is
why I am.

[Sales Agent 05:06]
Little.

[Customer 05:07]
Hesitant to give my profile now because I will say this then they will
say yes, it is all right, you say that then that is also.

[Sales Agent 05:15]
All that no no no I totally agree it it is happened it it is happened
actually once we are telling the profile no most of the mostly all the
positions or all the managers program manager will told me no it is
related to that thing but The thing is that what exactly you are
looking because if I suggest suppose that like you tell me something
about your profile right I am just

[Sales Agent 05:36]
the current example something you tell me. I will just suggest the
data center which you already know that of a Triple ID Bangalore but
it is not relatable to which you want to be because you just tell me
you want to a deeper knowledge so that you can be export much more and
using your expertise so in a in a better manner.

[Sales Agent 05:52]
The thing is that it is relevant to your same.

[Customer 05:54]
House a short term course that is for sure right? So maybe not like a
2 months, 3 months kind of the thing for sure, right? So I am fine if
it is taking me one year and above. So this is OK, right?

[Sales Agent 06:06]
So that because.

[Customer 06:08]
Nobody can learn in just 23 months classes right? So its required lot
of hands on pieces as well. If you are asking me am I working right
now in the data science, answer is no.

[Sales Agent 06:20]
So.

[Customer 06:21]
Right. Absolutely no. Right. Have a then then do I wanted to move in
that direction? Answer is yes,

[Customer 06:27]
right? So there should be a way which can carve out in a journey and
for that one anyone needs to spend time.

[Sales Agent 06:36]
Right.

[Sales Agent 06:36]
And actually earlier around in December you have a one aluminization,
you also one and one almonization, I think it is mentioned over here.

[Customer 06:45]
Alumni session Okay. I do not know what what was that and that covered
maybe.

[Sales Agent 06:51]
I will tell you actually The thing is that it covers like suppose that
like you are from the non tech background, right. Correct. Right. So
the purpose is that to connect with the alumni Sir get the better
glory. Sometimes it happens like if you haven't like which I can see
that you have a 10 plus years experience right. More than 10 years,
yes.

[Customer 07:11]
Sir.

[Sales Agent 07:12]
The thing is that in the political experience you have that like a
decade of experience you did not want to be like a random

[Sales Agent 07:20]
random thing because you are not a fresher

[Sales Agent 07:23]
okay randomly you can take it or you just grow up. You have a certain
position where you want to be use your expertise and also you want to
do a new transition also. So where you get the confidence in like
confidence regarding about the confidence regarding about the courses
also regarding about the journey also. So that the person who already
done that same type of course in a same domain like from the non tech
background they have just give you know the brief collect how the
journey is going but you not taking at the time. Definitely you have
counseled, I will just tell you in December

[Sales Agent 07:55]
some of my program manager connect you and giving you the brief
regarding the same. So I just what I have the details right now.
Currently you are working in a IT service, right?

[Customer 08:08]
I think Sir, right.

[Sales Agent 08:11]
Right and

[Sales Agent 08:11]
you are properly non tech or you are like bachelors and non tech right

[Sales Agent 08:18]
Okay. And also they mention like for that you are looking for the data
sign course

[Sales Agent 08:26]
which I have that here and apart from that

[Sales Agent 08:32]
only that kind of access mentioned over here and that conversation
happened on around the 4th of December

[Sales Agent 08:39]
earlier.

[Customer 08:41]
Okay it it is possible because that time I was looking and I have
already picked up as I said that right which is a short term so

[Customer 08:49]
to condition my mind right so which is currently running already so
like having I do not nobody I am definitely not take non tech. I am
good from technology

[Customer 09:03]
right? So that is there. Only only thing is that I am not from the
data client field at all.

[Customer 09:10]
Okay, finance background. Yeah.

[Customer 09:13]
Means banking infinites. Working domain. Okay I

[Customer 09:19]
right in in ITC in banking and finance domain.

[Sales Agent 09:24]
Dot.

[Customer 09:24]
S dot, right? So that's what it is. But.

[Sales Agent 09:26]
But my.

[Customer 09:26]
Question is that actually I gave voice answer because see it is like

[Customer 09:32]
it is like that whatever you are having an offer.

[Sales Agent 09:36]
Thats what you can.

[Customer 09:37]
Tell.

[Sales Agent 09:38]
But.

[Customer 09:39]
Right and lets.

[Sales Agent 09:39]
Say if you are.

[Customer 09:40]
In the suite if you are.

[Sales Agent 09:41]
Telling Pulav.

[Customer 09:42]
Jamun and good barfi, right? So.

[Sales Agent 09:45]
You will be telling.

[Customer 09:46]
That you can offer.

[Sales Agent 09:47]
That,

[Sales Agent 09:48]
but if.

[Customer 09:48]
Somebody is looking out rubbery ways or you cannot offer you. Somebody
is looking out lucky, you cannot offer right? So.

[Sales Agent 09:56]
Definitely, definitely.

[Customer 09:58]
That is what I wanted to know that what is an offer list you are
having it as I said that requirement. I am not a data science guy
right now wanted to move in the direction and for that 1I am convinced
that okay the short term quotes may not be helpful may be only to
condition the money thats all right

[Customer 10:18]
so people basis that one. What is you are having in your offer?

[Sales Agent 10:25]
Definitely I will give you the best thing for you also the majorly
which I have that experience like it's a 10 plus years experience
right over or finance industry itself or is there any other issue you
also you are working no?

[Customer 10:39]
No. Always in banking SNS. Always in IT.

[Sales Agent 10:42]
Okay okay and want to be career after the course in the finance
industry itself or is there any particular industry or so you want to
get?

[Customer 10:49]
I just prefer to be Mr Farhan sector as a domain as.

[Sales Agent 10:55]
A

[Sales Agent 10:55]
infant market, basically. Infinite market, yeah

[Sales Agent 10:58]
yeah, okay, okay. So according to the experience, if I am saying that
I am not preferring over the Triple IT Bangalore because Triple IT
Bangalore gives you the knowledge definitely. Apart from Triple IT
Bangalore, that is the one is the MSG S which called a master and
science and data science which formed the Liverpool John Moves in
university. Which film gives you the certificate? Also apart from the
degree it is a property degree certification

[Sales Agent 11:21]
so that you can be like get a proper deeper knowledge that suppose an
in triple IT Bangalore there is a in 12 months journey correct? If it
was in 12 month journey first half is your basic to standard level and
second half is for the specialization. Supposed if you want to explore
enough financial fin tech industry according to your business
analysis, data analyst or some kind of thing accordingly because it is
a domain. Apart from that once you done it then you have a guarding
like getting a 6 additional months for that master

[Sales Agent 11:51]
where where you can be export the research and dissertation.

[Sales Agent 11:54]
So that in a particular command over the things and getting the better
opportunity and other things which you want to be exponential growth
in particular field. Also because at the time of experience where you
are money is matter definitely but not in terms of like 10 or 20%
because if somebody want to do that quote for the exponential growth
and the saturation level, you just break the saturation label so that
get the growing path will be running as usual which which is already
running.

[Sales Agent 12:22]
So then I am not suggesting that triple IT Bangalore program for one
year, I am suggesting you according to your profile which I have the
previous knowledge. So I just simply suggested the Masters and
Programme Master and Science Data Science Ms program

[Sales Agent 12:38]
which can help you a lot throughout your journey. Also it is a 18
months journey.

[Sales Agent 12:43]
It is not a 12 month, it is a 18 point journey but it can can relate
you to the profile also to the background also.

[Sales Agent 12:50]
And we are like you working in a IT services like IT background also
in a Penner. So might be you are using the tools and languages also
Sir have you know the knowledge about that like Python, Hazar,
Tableau, Sequel these kind of things.

[Customer 13:03]
Yeah, yeah, Python, I know that, Yeah.

[Sales Agent 13:05]
Okay, so that comes good. Basically you are going for that particular
things also if I am saying the journey wise

[Sales Agent 13:14]
so that 18 month journey is very sufficient for you according to your
need. Like just you told me Ki time is not matter if you get the
proper knowledge which can help you in a particular industry also in
your job also. So basically the program which we are suggesting is a
Liverpool John Booth University which is Ms and DS Master of Science
and Data Science which is a 18 months of journey.

[Sales Agent 13:41]
Here is from going same as like a triple IT Bangalore apart from last
6 months is going there you have 2 or 2 things you have to do it. One
is going to research methodology on a particular domain and last one
is the master dissertation to to the things where you can be giving
the research where you you can assign also our TC supervisor where you
can have like going for the thesis also. So that you get a proper
command on the particular industry. So that once you are

[Sales Agent 14:10]
completed that program, you get a better things and a better
opportunity in a better manner.

[Customer 14:14]
Also not.

[Sales Agent 14:16]
Just further take for the like promotion or something in a proper
industry and a proper management.

[Customer 14:23]
Also so that.

[Sales Agent 14:25]
It will be help you a lot just

[Sales Agent 14:28]
not increasing the LinkedIn profile or something. I have done this
kind of things because already you have a particular like experience.

[Sales Agent 14:38]
It's not a 34 years experience where I can be taken over to Pillai to
Bangalore. If you are needed a program at PGP program it can help you
definitely it can help you but in the particular experience it will
give you the alert. Just simply flight one step ahead not a proper one
where you can be go further in a particular thing.

[Sales Agent 14:57]
So after that serious you have to deserve one better thing where you
can be explore your things also and also you are enjoying the journey
also so that you get a better opportunity in a better manner.

[Customer 15:10]
This is the life classes or it is recorded, Sir.

[Sales Agent 15:13]
Basically its a live booth we have that firstly and a back in a
weekend wise there is a live classes on weekends. Every weekend you
have a live classes. Apart from that there is a running contract like
online sessions also which will be happens on weekdays.

[Sales Agent 15:31]
Because The thing is that most of the time weekends mostly learners
are available.

[Sales Agent 15:36]
So like classes we can held on the vehicles only. Apart from that
there is a one to 2 hours of daily learning. If you want to be
accordingly you can match it. But the doubt resolution classes will
happen from daily basis. Sir, like the doubt resolution classes, so
that once you have learning and everyday, yeah, every segment. If you
have the doubt, you can just join the classes and ask the doubt
directly.

[Customer 15:56]
Where is this Liverpool University?

[Sales Agent 16:00]
AISA UK Base University.

[Customer 16:03]
How the time matches with the is the.

[Sales Agent 16:06]
TV Manager actually The thing is that the content which you added, the
content has recorded apart from the live classes. They have a chance
plot will be there morning, afternoon and evening accordingly. So
weekends like supposed if I am available in the morning time they can
manage accordingly. So there is a batches wise things so they can
easily manage the timing.

[Customer 16:32]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 16:33]
Okay. And apart from this main main thing is that because you have a
properly practical knowledge like last 9:50 to 12 years because you
are currently in the market. So we are not defended only on the
theoretical basis. We are just doing our industrial project which is
approximately 60 plus projects over there where you can be work
practically so that you get the better knowledge in the particular
room is particular industry also.

[Sales Agent 17:00]
And once you have that process so once you have booked for that like
for the interview your for the company wise thing you have a better
explanation K how you have work in a current scenario. What is the
risk analysis. If I am seeing for the finance market mostly finance
market is work with a fraud detailment, your this time analysis, real
time analysis, management basis thing for deduction these kind of
things in particular things. So you get a proper knowledge because you
are working on a current closure also or also one thing is also
available in that particular program that is called a cash on project.

[Sales Agent 17:35]
So the real base exam changed as you heard about the like a Khanan,
Baroz, Amethi these are the industry experts who will taking the
session also one to one personal session where you can be exploring
the industry projects also. So they have experience of 20 years, 22
years, 25 years working in a Mehta, JP Morgan. These kind of companies
also they are having a great experience. So once you have the
experience, also you have a experience. Once you connect with that,
you get a better clarity for that. Like suppose that is you are
working in a particular industry project.

[Customer 18:04]
Right.

[Sales Agent 18:05]
And if you want to need so, there is a personal industry mentor
session also over there so that you get a better clarity. How does
work, how it is going for a journey also and what is the case for the
area where you can work? What is the result area?

[Sales Agent 18:20]
And in between the journey there are carrier assessment will be there
from toward journey. After 34 months it will be started and after
completion the post. Also there is a 6 months of carrier this month.
So that each and every segment they will help you how to grow the
things, how to manage the things where we can help you out for the
like almonise why almonise we are connecting so that you get a network

[Sales Agent 18:40]
because today if I am seeing any big company in the market like you
can say that Google, you can check in a Microsoft, you can say the JP
model, they mostly referred the person from the reference only, they
cannot be hired from the job fee or something like that. You just hire
the person who already working in a company who has referred one of
the best thing. So they just believe on that. So they just working on
a referencing. So that is why we are connecting by alumni throughout
the journey so that you get a better connection connectivity

[Sales Agent 19:09]
or if you have the same or in terms of interview. Also there is not a
like just if you are giving you the post read on it and my job is
over. No, my job is over where I just connect with you the same
company person like suppose that if you want to join Google there is
opportunity of business or some like finance sector. So we just like

[Sales Agent 19:31]
arranging of one interview with the same company and of the same
designation person so that he will give you the clear ID, pay, what is
the company needs, how they question and what is the when you are
giving the interview in the my company,

[Sales Agent 19:43]
what is the cheaper area so that you can elaborate much more if you
are the better clarity I.

[Customer 19:48]
Will assure, I will assure and

[Customer 19:52]
how the the, the pricing for this quote?

[Sales Agent 19:56]
Pricing is if I am saying about that there is a 5,50,000 included all
taxes for 18 months.

[Customer 20:04]
5.5 lakh.

[Sales Agent 20:06]
Yeah, 5.5 lakhs.

[Customer 20:08]
Okay and

[Customer 20:11]
any chance?

[Sales Agent 20:12]
Person can join.

[Customer 20:12]
Or there is a target? No, there is.

[Sales Agent 20:14]
A there is a timing actually it is not I triple ID Bangalore its a UP
university so there is a 2 batches in there. First is in Maha like
March itself. Second one is December, sorry, sorry, November,
November.

[Customer 20:30]
March and November.

[Sales Agent 20:32]
Yeah March in November, November should be might be a changes because
according to the university so November might be in December also
possibility but first that is February or March so now we have a March
batch so that is why and triple IT Bangalore you can enroll around
there is a 34 option will be there but for the masters there is only
only 2 chances like because you have to give the tax Also

[Sales Agent 20:57]
first you give the test after the selection of the test this under
this what leads to the candidate and this release the offer letter.
Once they release the offer letter that only you can be eligible for
that particular university.

[Customer 21:11]
Yeah, that is in Mathura IT Bangalore, right? That's what you are
saying in process, right?

[Sales Agent 21:17]
Yeah, once you go the certification from the triple IT Bangalore and
degree from the university itself.

[Customer 21:24]
434 You mean to say these are the interconnected, is it?

[Sales Agent 21:28]
That interconnecting interconnected correct. You get a 2 organised
status even though you can be like convocation and other things. Also,
so that you guys are adminise status on the university,

[Sales Agent 21:41]
triple IT.

[Customer 21:42]
Bangalore itself also okay me before getting into the US universities

[Customer 21:49]
diploma. Then first you need to complete the triple IT part, then you
can move.

[Sales Agent 21:55]
To triple IT sub ID per ID something is a diploma certificate right?
Its not a proper degree certificate so after.

[Customer 22:03]
Is that a diploma or not even a diploma? I thought it is only
certificate.

[Sales Agent 22:08]
If its a certificate which will equivalent to the diploma
certification. If I am saying that once you have complete a triple IT
Bangalore, it is a certificate

[Sales Agent 22:16]
is equivalent to the diploma certificate. Right after that once you if
you want to complete a degree because masters or something is a degree
based thing, you can pay proper authorization or other things also.

[Customer 22:29]
So.

[Sales Agent 22:29]
It will give only by the university from the John Mohsin as he and You
Liverpool John Mohsin University.

[Customer 22:36]
18th you are saying that triple IT, Bangalore and Liverpool, they are
having a tie up to each other. Is that?

[Sales Agent 22:45]
Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 22:48]
I see.

[Sales Agent 22:50]
And also also there is a change like suppose that I just tell you the
brief about you for the program even the other things also like
suppose that I understand because you have a lot of discussion earlier
also from other like you told me trailer or something is like that you
have a proper decision also. But I just suggest you one thing, the
call if you have a time right around in the evening time any like 1015
minutes

[Sales Agent 23:20]
I can show the LGMU part. So through laptop and through the journey

[Sales Agent 23:25]
and other statements of the thing so that you get a better clarity for
that or for the triple IT, you also has the knowledge.

[Customer 23:33]
Can I know that

[Customer 23:35]
and available right now in case if you are having a time.

[Sales Agent 23:39]
Just

[Sales Agent 23:39]
tell me so at what time, Sir? Like after 3 years should I connect
after I?

[Customer 23:43]
Am already connected and I am available until 1:30, so no problem if
you want now I can from 25 minutes 30 minutes.

[Sales Agent 23:50]
No problem, I will just share the link right now to you right you can
join and I will discuss other things also you are.

[Customer 24:00]
Having the email do you want to send?

[Sales Agent 24:03]
My email I will just send you the email also the brochure also and and
link also yeah do you have?

[Customer 24:11]
My email ID. That's what I am asking. Just give me a.

[Sales Agent 24:13]
Second, just give me a second, just give me a second. I will just
check

[Sales Agent 24:20]
one second it's alok 1/6 july@gmail.com. I hope that is corrected.

[Customer 24:26]
That is the correct.

[Sales Agent 24:27]
Okay, I just just give me a just give me 5 minutes only maximum.

[Customer 24:31]
Okay, Fine. Yeah. Thank you.

[Sales Agent 24:34]
Yeah. Thank you.
